Here we go Pad thai, no peanuts. 
But does it have peanut oil. 
I'm not sure. 
Everyone keep an eye on Howard in case he starts to swell up. 
Since it's not bee season, you can have my epinephrine. 
- Are there any chopsticks - No need This is Thai food. 
Here we go. 
Thailand has had the fork since the latter half of the 19th Century. 
Interestingly they don't put the fork in their mouth--. 
they use it to put the food on a spoon which then goes into their mouth. 
Ask him for a napkin I dare you. 
I'll get it. 
Do I look puffy I feel puffy. 
- Hey, Leonard - Oh, hi, Penny. 
- Am I interrupting - No You're not swelling, Howard. 
Look at my fingers They're like Vienna sausages. 
- Sounds like you have company - They're not going anywhere. 
So, you're coming home from work That's great How was work. 
You know, it's a Cheesecake Factory. 
People order cheesecake and I bring it to them. 
So you kind of act like a carbohydrate delivery system. 
Yeah Call it whatever you want, I get minimum wage. 
I was wondering if you could help me out. 
- with something - Yes. 
Great I'm having some furniture. 
delivered tomorrow and I may not be here, so. 
Hello. 
- I'm sorry - Haven't you ever been told. 
how beautiful you are in flawless Russian. 
No, I haven't. 
Get used to it. 
Yeah I probably won't. 
- Hey, Sheldon - Hi. 
Hey, Raj. 
Still not talking to me, huh. 
Don't take it personally, it's his pathology. 
He can't talk to women. 
It can't talk to atractive woman, or in your case,. 
a cheesecake- scented goddess. 
So there's gonna be some furniture delivered. 
If it gets here and I'm not here, could you sign. 
and have them put it in my apartment. 
No problem. 
Great Here's my spare key Thank you. 
Penny, wait. 
If you don't have any other plans, do you want to join us. 
for Thai food and a Superman movie marathon. 
A marathon How many Superman movies are there. 
You're kidding, right. 
I do like the one where Lois Lane falls from the helicopter. 
and Superman swooshes down and catches her Which one was that. 
One. 
You realize that scene was rife with scientific inaccuracy. 
Yes, I know, men can't fly. 
No Let's assume that they can. 
Lois Lane is falling,. 
accelerating at an initial rate of 32 feet per second per second. 
Superman swoops down to save her by reaching out two arms of steel. 
Miss Lane, who is now traveling. 
at approximately 120 miles an hour,. 
hits them and is immediately sliced into three equal pieces. 
Unless Superman matches her speed and decelerates. 
In what space, sir She's two feet above the ground. 
Frankly, if he really loved her, he'd let her hit the pavement. 
It'd be a more merciful death. 
Excuse me, your entire argument is predicated on the assumption. 
that Superman's flight is a feat of strength. 
Are you listening to yourself It is well established. 
that his flight is a feat of strength. 
It is an extension of his ability to leap tall buildings,. 
an ability he derives from exposure to Earth's yellow sun. 
And how does he fly at night. 
A combination of the moon's solar reflection. 
and the energy-storage capacity of Kryptonian skin cells. 
I'm just gonna go wash up. 
I have 2,600 comic books in there I challenge you. 
to find a single reference to Kryptonian skin cells. 
Challenge accepted. 
We're locked out. 
Also, the pretty girl left. 
 Our whole universe was in a hot, dense state . 
 Then nearly 14 billion years ago expansion started Wait . 
 The Earth began to cool . 
 The autotrophs began to drool, Neanderthals developed tools . 
 We built the Wall   We built the pyramid s. 
 Math, Science, History, unraveling the mystery . 
 That all started with a big bang . 
Her apartment's on the fourth floor but the elevator's broken, so. 
You're just gonna be done Okay Cool Thanks. 
We'll just bring it up ourselves. 
I hardly think so. 
Why not. 
Well, we don't have a dolly,. 
or lifting belts or any measurable upper-body strength. 
We don't need strength-- we're physicists. 
We are the intellectual descendants of Archimedes. 
Give me a fulcrum and a lever and I can move the Earth. 
It's just a matter of I don't have this. 
Archimedes would be so proud. 
Do you have any ideas. 
Yes, but they all involve a green lantern and a power ring. 
Easy easy. 
Now we've got an inclined plane The force required to lift. 
is reduced by the sine of the angle of the stairs,. 
call it 30 degrees, so, about half. 
Exactly half. 
Exactly half. 
Let's push. 
See, it's moving, this is easy. 
It's all in the math. 
- What's your formula for the corner - What. 
Okay, no problem. 
Just come up here, help me pull and turn. 
Ah, gravity, thou art a heartless bitch. 
You do understand that our efforts here will in no way increase the odds. 
of you having sexual congress with this woman. 
Men do things for women without expecting sex. 
Those would be men who just had sex. 
I'm doing this to be a good neighbor. 
In any case, there's no way it could lower the odds. 
Almost there. 
Almost there. 
- Almost there - No, we're not. 
- I'm sorry - No, we're not. 
Watch your fingers. 
Oh, God, my fingers. 
- You okay - No, her. 
Great Caesar's ghost, look at this place. 
So Penny's a little messy. 
A little messy. 
The Mandelbrot set of complex numbers is a little messy. 
This is chaos. 
Excuse me. 
Explain to me an organizational system. 
where a tray of flatware on a couch is valid. 
I'm just inferring this is a couch. 
because the evidence suggests the coffee table. 
is having a tiny garage sale. 
Did it ever occur to you that not everyone has. 
the compulsive need to sort, organize and label. 
the entire world around them. 
No. 
Well, they don't. 
Hard as it may be for you to believe,. 
most people don't sort their breakfast cereal numerically by fiber content. 
Excuse me, but I think we've both found that helpful at times. 
- Come on, we should go - Hang on. 
- What are you doing - I'm straightening up. 
This is not your home. 
This is not anyone's home This is a swirling vortex of entropy. 
When the transvestite lived here, you didn't care how he kept the place. 
Because it was immaculate. 
I mean, you opened that man's closet,. 
it was left to right evening gowns,. 
cocktail dresses, then his police uniforms. 
What were you doing in his closet. 
I helped him run some cable for a web cam. 
This just arrived, we just brought this up just now. 
Great Was it hard getting it up the stairs. 
- No - No. 
No. 
No. 
Well, we'll get out of your hair. 
Okay, great Thank you again. 
I just want you to know that you don't have to live like this. 
I'm here for you. 
What's he talking about. 
- It's a joke - I don't get it. 
Yeah, he didn't tell it right. 
Penny's sleeping. 
Are you insane. 
You can't just break into a woman's apartment. 
in the middle of the night and clean. 
I had no choice I couldn't sleep knowing. 
that just outside my bedroom was our living room,. 
and just outside our living room was that hallway,. 
and immediately adjacent to the hallway was this. 
Do you realize that if Penny wakes up,. 
there is no reasonable explanation as to why we're here. 
I just gave you a reasonable explanation. 
No, no, you gave me an explanation. 
Its reasonableness will be determined by a jury of your peers. 
Don't be ridiculous I have no peers. 
We have to get out of here. 
You might want to speak in a lower register. 
What. 
Evolution has made women sensitive. 
to high-pitched noises while they sleep. 
so that they'll be roused by a crying baby. 
If you want to avoid waking her,. 
speak in a lower register. 
That's ridiculous. 
No. 
That's ridiculous. 
Fine. 
I accept your premise Now, please, let's go. 
I'm not leaving until I'm done. 
If you have time to lean, you have time to clean. 
Oh, what the hell. 
Morning. 
Morning. 
I have to say I slept splendidly. 
Granted, not long, but just deeply and well. 
I'm not surprised. 
A well-known folk cure for insomnia. 
is to break in your neighbor's apartment and clean. 
Sarcasm. 
You think. 
Granted, my methods may have been somewhat unorthodox,. 
but I think the end result will be a measurable enhancement. 
- to Penny's quality of life - You've convinced me. 
Maybe tonight we should sneak in and shampoo her carpet. 
- You don't think that crosses a line - Yes. 
For God's sake,. 
do I have to hold up a sarcasm sign every time I open my mouth. 
You have a sarcasm sign. 
No, I do not have a sarcasm sign. 
Do you want some cereal I feel so good today,. 
I'm gonna choose from the low-fiber end of the shelf. 
Hello, Honey Puffs. 
Son of a bitch. 
Penny's up. 
You sick geeky bastards. 
How did she know it was us. 
I may have left a suggested organizational schematic. 
for her bedroom closet. 
God, this is gonna be bad. 
Good-bye, Honey Puffs Hello, Big Bran. 
You came into my apartment last night while I was sleeping. 
Yes, but only to clean. 
Really more to organize You're not actually dirty, per se. 
Give me back my key. 
I'm very, very sorry. 
Do you understand how creepy this is. 
Oh, yes, we discussed it at length last night. 
In my apartment, while I was sleeping. 
And snoring And that's probably just a sinus infection. 
But it could be sleep apnea. 
You might want to see an otolaryngologist. 
A throat doctor. 
And what kind of doctor removes shoes from asses. 
Depending on the depth,. 
that's either a proctologist. 
or a general surgeon. 
I think what you're feeling. 
is perfectly valid and maybe a little bit later. 
when you're feeling a little less for lack of a better word-- violated,. 
maybe we can talk about this some more. 
- Stay away from me - Sure, that's another way to go. 
Penny, Penny. 
Just to clarify,. 
because there will be a discussion when you leave,. 
is your objection solely to our presence. 
in the apartment while you were sleeping,. 
or do you also object to the imposition of a new organizational paradigm. 
Well, that was a little non-responsive. 
You are going to march yourself over there right now and apologize. 
What's funny. 
That wasn't sarcasm. 
Boy, you are all over the place this morning. 
I have a master's and two PhDs, I should not have to do this. 
What. 
I am truly sorry for what happened last night. 
I take full responsibility. 
And I hope that it won't color your opinion of Leonard,. 
who is not only a wonderful guy, but also, I hear,. 
a gentle and thorough lover. 
I did what I could. 
Hey, Raj. 
Hey, listen. 
I don't know if you heard about what happened last night. 
but I'm really upset about it. 
I mean, they just they let themselves into my place. 
and then they cleaned it Can you even believe that. 
How weird is that. 
She's standing very close to me . 
Oh, my, she does smell good . 
What is that, vanilla . 
You know, where I come from,. 
if someone comes into your house at night, you shoot Okay. 
And you don't shoot to wound. 
I mean, all right, my sister shot her husband,. 
but it was an accident, they were drunk. 
Wait, what was I saying. 
She's so chatty . 
Maybe my parents are right |. 
Maybe I'd be better off with an Indian girl . 
We'd have the same cultural background . 
and my wife could sing to my children the same lullabies my mother sang to me . 
It's obvious that they meant well, but. 
I'm having a really rough time I broke up with my boyfriend. 
and. 
Just because most of the men I've known in my life happen to be jerks,. 
doesn't mean I should just assume Leonard and Sheldon are. 
Right. 
She asked me a question I should probably nod . 
That's exactly what I thought. 
Thank you for listening You're a doll. 
Turn your pelvis. 
Grab a napkin, homie You just got served. 
It's fineYou win. 
What's his problem. 
His imaginary girlfriend broke up with him. 
Been there. 
Sorry I'm late,. 
but I was in the hallway, chatting up Penny. 
Really You, Rajesh Koothrappali, spoke to Penny. 
Actually, I was less the chatter than the chat-ee. 
What did she say Is she still mad at me. 
Well, she was upset at first,. 
but probably because her sister shot somebody. 
But then there was something about you,. 
and then she hugged me. 
She hugged you How'd she hug you. 
Is that her perfume I smell. 
Intoxicating, isn't it. 
Hi. 
What's going on. 
Here's the thing. 
Just as Oppenheimer came to regret his contributions. 
to the first atomic bomb,. 
so too I regret my participation in what was,. 
at the very least, an error in judgment. 
The hallmark of the great human experiment. 
is the willingness to recognize one's mistakes. 
Some mistakes, such as Madam Curie's discovery of radium,. 
turned out to have great scientific potential,. 
even though she would later die a slow, painful death from radiation poisoning. 
Another example, from the field of Ebola research. 
We're okay. 
- Six two inch dowels - Check. 
- One package Phillips head screws - Check. 
You guys, seriously, I grew up on a farm, okay. 
I rebuilt a tractor engine when I was, like, 12. 
I think I can put together a cheap, Swedish media center. 
No, please We insist It's the least we can do, considering. 
Considering what. 
How great this place looks. 
- Oh, boy I was afraid of this - What. 
These instructions are a pictographic representation. 
of the least imaginative way to assemble these components. 
This, right here is why Sweden has no space program. 
Well, it looked pretty good in the store. 
It is an inefficient design For example, she has a flat screen TV,. 
which means all the space behind it is wasted. 
- We could put her stereo back there - And control it how. 
Run an infrared repeater. 
Photo cell here, emitter here, easy-peasy. 
How are you gonna cool it. 
- Hey, guys, I got this - Hang on, Penny. 
How about fans Here and here. 
Also inefficient, and might be loud. 
How about liquid coolant Maybe a little aquarium pump here,. 
run some quarter-inch PVC. 
Guys, this is actually really simple. 
Hold on, honey Men at work. 
The PVC comes down here. 
Maybe a little corrugated sheet metal as a radiator here. 
Yeah Show me where we put a drip tray, a sluice, and an overflow reservoir. 
If water's involved, we're gonna have to ground the crap out of the thing. 
It's hot in here I think I'll just take off all my clothes. 
Oh, I've got it. 
What about if we replace. 
panels A, B and F and crossbar H with aircraft-grade aluminum. 
Right Then the entire thing is one heat sink. 
You and Sheldon go to the junkyard and pick up. 
6 square meters of scrap aluminum. 
Raj and I will get the oxyacetylene torch. 
- Meet back here in an hour - Done. 
Okay, this place does look pretty good. 
Sync: swsubcom. 
<font color=#ffff00 size=14>wwwtvsubtitlesnet</font>. 
Alright, just a few more feet. 
And here we are, gentlemen,. 
the Gates of Elzebob. 
Good Lord. 
Don't panic This is what the last 97 hours have been about. 
Stay frosty There's a horde of armed goblins. 
on the other side of that gate guarding the Sword of Asaroth. 
Warriors, unsheathe your weapons Magic wielders, raise your wands. 
Lock and load. 
Raj, blow the gates. 
Blowing the gates. 
Control,. 
shift B. 
Oh, my God, so many goblins. 
Don't just stand there, slash and move. 
Stay in formation. 
Leonard, you got one on your tail. 
My tail's prehensile-- I'll swat him off. 
I got him, Leonard. 
Tonight I spice my mead with goblin blood. 
Raj, no, it's a trap They're flanking us. 
He's got me. 
Sheldon, he's got Raj Use your sleep spell. 
I've got the Sword of Asaroth. 
Forget the sword, help Raj. 
There is no more Sheldon I am the sword master. 
- Leonard, look out - Damn it, man, we're dying here. 
Good-bye, peasants. 
The bastard teleported. 
He's selling the Sword of Asaroth on eBay. 
You betrayed us for money Who are you. 
I'm a rogue night elf. 
Don't you people read character descriptions. 
Wait, wait Somebody just clicked Buy it now. 
I am the sword master. 
* sweety. 
Anybody want to log on to Second Life and go swimming. 
I just built a virtual pool. 
No I can't look at you or your avatar right now. 
Sounds like your neighbor's home. 
Excuse me. 
Don't forget the mail you took accidentally on purpose. 
as an excuse to talk to her. 
Oh, right, right, right. 
Stealing snail mail-- very old school I like it. 
Penny, the mailman, did it again. 
Sorry. 
Hi, Leonard This is Doug. 
Doug, this is my neighbor Leonard. 
What's up, bro. 
Not much. 
bro. 
Is everything okay. 
Yeah, no, I just I got your mail again Here. 
Thank you I've got to talk to that mailman. 
Oh, no, that's probably not such a good idea. 
Civil servants have a documented propensity. 
to, you know, snap, so. 
Okay Well, thank you again. 
No problem Bye. 
Oh, and bye bro. 
Penny for your thoughts. 
What's the matter. 
I'm fine. 
Penny's fine The guy she's kissing is really fine. 
Kissing, what kind of kissing Cheeks Lips Chaste French. 
What is wrong with you. 
I'm a romantic. 
Don't tell me that your hopeless infatuation. 
is devolving into pointless jealousy. 
I'm not jealous I'm just a little concerned for her. 
I didn't like the look of the guy. 
Because he looks better than you. 
He was kind of dreamy. 
At least now you can retrieve the black box. 
from the twisted, smoldering wreckage. 
that was once your fantasy of dating her. 
and analyze the data so that you don't crash. 
into Geek Mountain again. 
I disagree. 
Love is not a sprint, it's a marathon--. 
a relentless pursuit that only ends when she falls into your arms. 
or hits you with the pepper spray. 
I'm done with Penny. 
I'm going to be more realistic and go after someone my own speed. 
- Like who - I don't know. 
Olivia Geiger. 
The dietician at the cafeteria with the limp and the lazy eye. 
I don't think you have a shot there. 
I have noticed that Leslie Winkle recently started shaving her legs. 
Now given that winter is coming,. 
one can only assume she's signaling sexual availability. 
I don't know You guys work in the same lab. 
- So - There are pitfalls. 
Trust me, I know. 
When it comes to sexual harassment law,. 
I'm a bit of a self-taught expert. 
If I were to ask Leslie Winkle out,. 
it would just be for dinner I'm not going to walk into the lab,. 
ask her to strip naked and dance for me. 
Oh, then you're probably okay. 
- Hello, Leslie - Hi, Leonard. 
I'd like to propose an experiment. 
- Goggles, Leonard - Right. 
I would like to propose an experiment. 
Hang on. 
I'm trying to see how long it takes a 500-kilowatt. 
oxygen iodine laser to heat up my Cup a' Noodles. 
I've done it About two seconds 26 for minestrone. 
Anyway, I was thinking more. 
of a bio-social exploration with a neuro-chemical overlay. 
Wait, are you asking me out. 
I was going to characterize it as the modification. 
of our colleague-slash-friendship paradigm. 
with the addition of a date-like component,. 
but we don't need to quibble over terminology. 
What sort of experiment. 
There's a generally accepted pattern in this area. 
I would pick you up, take you to a restaurant. 
Then we would see a movie, probably a romantic comedy. 
featuring the talents of Hugh Grant or Sandra Bullock. 
Interesting And would you agree. 
that the primary way we would evaluate either the success. 
or failure of the date would be. 
based on the biochemical reaction during the good night kiss. 
Heart rate, pheromones, etc Yes. 
Why don't we just stipulate that the date goes well. 
and move to the key variable. 
- You mean kiss you now - Yes. 
Can you define the parameters of the kiss. 
Close-mouthed but romantic Mint. 
Thank you. 
I count down from three. 
No, I think it needs to be spontaneous. 
- What do you think - You proposed the experiment. 
I think you should present your findings first. 
Fair enough. 
On the plus side, it was a good kiss. 
Reasonable technique, no extraneous spittle. 
On the other hand, no arousal. 
- None - None. 
- Thank you for your time - Thank you. 
None at all. 
Sheldon, if you were a robot,. 
and I knew and you didn't. 
would you want me to tell you. 
That depends. 
When. 
I learn that I'm a robot. 
will I be able to handle it. 
Maybe-- although the history of science fiction is not on your side. 
Okay, let me ask you this--. 
when I learn that I'm a robot,. 
would I be bound by Asimov's Three Laws of Robotics. 
You might be bound by them right now. 
That's true Have you ever harmed a human being. 
or through inaction allowed a human being to come to harm. 
- Of course not - Have you ever harmed yourself. 
or allowed yourself to be harmed. 
except in cases where a human being would have been endangered. 
- Well, no - I smell robot. 
Hey, what's going on. 
Internet's been down for half an hour. 
Also, Sheldon may be a robot. 
So how'd it go with Leslie. 
Oh, we tried kissing, but the Earth didn't move. 
I mean, any more than the 383 miles that it was going to move anyway. 
Oh, I've seen that look before. 
This is just going to be two weeks of moping. 
and tedious emo songs. 
and calling me to come down to pet stores to look at cats. 
I don't know if I can take it. 
You could power down. 
As usual, Wolowitz has the solution. 
I happen to know a place. 
where there are plenty of eligible women and Leonard could have his pick. 
Remember the Latin hips. 
Shoulders stay still, and we sway. 
One, two, three. 
five, six, seven. 
I think Mrs Tishman's got her eye on you. 
I've been there You're in for a treat. 
Oh, good Lord. 
God, that's a good song. 
If you're compiling a mix CD for a double suicide. 
Oh, I hope that scratching post is for you. 
I know what you're thinking I've taken your asthma into account. 
There's a feline geneticist in San Diego. 
who's developed the cutest little hypoallergenic calicos. 
- Listen to me - I've been thinking about names. 
I'm kind of torn between Einstein, Newton. 
and Sergeant Fuzzy Boots. 
Do you really think you can satisfy your need. 
for a relationship with a genetically altered cat. 
Maybe. 
If it's a cute, little, cuddly cat. 
Oh, come on Leonard. 
This is obviously about Penny. 
It doesn't matter. 
The woman's not interested in me The woman rejected me. 
Look,. 
I think that you have as much of a chance. 
of having a sexual relationship with Penny. 
as the Hubble Telescope does of discovering. 
at the center of every black hole. 
is a little man with a flashlight searching for a circuit breaker. 
Nevertheless,. 
I do feel obligated to point out to you. 
that she did not reject you. 
You did not ask her out. 
You're right. 
I didn't ask her out I should ask her out. 
No, no, that was not my point. 
My point was don't buy a cat. 
No, but you're right. 
I should march over there and ask her out. 
Oh, goody, we're getting a cat. 
Good afternoon, Penny So, hi hey. 
I was wondering if you had plans for dinner. 
You mean dinner tonight. 
There is an inherent ambiguity in the word dinner. 
Technically it refers. 
to the largest meal of the day whenever it's consumed. 
So to clarify here, by dinner I mean supper. 
- Supper - Or dinner. 
I was thinking 6:30 if you can go Or a different time. 
6:30's great. 
Really. 
- Great - I like hanging out with you guys. 
Us guys. 
Yeah, you know, Sheldon, Howard, Raj Who all's coming. 
They. 
might all be there. 
Or a subset of them might be there. 
Algebraically speaking, there are too many unknowns. 
For example, Sheldon had Quiznos for lunch. 
Sometimes he finds that filling, other times he doesn't. 
It's no fault of Quiznos-- they have a varied menu. 
Okay, whatever It sounds like fun. 
Great. 
- Did we say a time - 6:30. 
- And that's still good - It's fine. 
- 'Cause it's not carved in stone - No, 6:30's great. 
I'll get my chisel. 
Why. 
To carve the I'll see you at 6:30. 
How do I look. 
Could you be more specific. 
Can you tell I'm perspiring a little. 
No The dark crescent-shaped patterns under your arms conceal it nicely. 
- What time is your date - 6:30. 
Perfect That gives you. 
two hours and 15 minutes for that dense molecular cloud. 
of Aramis to dissipate. 
Is it too much. 
Not if you're a rugby team. 
If it should ever come up,. 
you didn't join us because you stuffed yourself. 
with a chicken carbonara sub at Quiznos. 
Why would I join you. 
No reason. 
You know what, maybe this isn't such a good idea. 
No, well, now there's always the possibility. 
that alcohol and poor judgment on her part. 
might lead to a nice romantic evening. 
You're right Alcohol, poor judgment-- it could go well. 
There is the other possibility, that. 
this date kicks off a rather unpleasant 6 months. 
of the two of you passing awkwardly in the hall,. 
until one of you breaks down and moves to another zip code. 
You could've stopped at it could go well. 
If I could've, I would've. 
I mean, I'm a perfectly nice guy. 
There's no reason we couldn't go and have a lovely dinner,. 
maybe take a walk afterwards,. 
talk about things we have in common. 
You love pottery I love pottery. 
There's a pause,. 
we both know what's happening I lean in, we kiss. 
It's a little tentative at first, but then I realize. 
she's kissing me back She's biting my lower lip. 
She wants me This thing is going the distance. 
We're going to have sex Oh, God, oh, my God. 
Is the sex starting now. 
I'm having a panic attack. 
Well then calm down. 
If I could, I wouldn't be having a panic. 
That's why they call it a panic attack. 
Sit down. 
Yeah, sit down Now close your eyes. 
- Why - Just do it. 
Now try to increase your alpha wave activity. 
- What - It's a biofeedback technique. 
It's relaxation through brain wave manipulation. 
I read a paper about it in Journal of American Neuroscience. 
It was a little sparsely sourced, but I think the basic science is valid. 
I probably have it here somewhere. 
Who am I kidding I can't go through with this. 
You need to call her and cancel. 
- Me - Yes. 
- What should I tell her - I don't know Tell her I'm sick. 
Not an illness that will make her want to take care of me,. 
but nothing so critical that she'll feel uncomfortable. 
going out with me if I want to try this again. 
Got it So I'm assuming nothing venereal. 
I'll just tell her that you had a routine colonoscopy. 
and haven't quite bounced back. 
- Give me the phone - I thought you wanted to cancel. 
I can't, because if I don't show up she'll still be expecting you. 
Why would she be expecting me. 
Stop asking me all these questions. 
I need to take another shower. 
So are the rest of the guys meeting us here. 
Oh, yeah no. 
It turns out that Raj and Howard had to work, and Sheldon. 
had a colonoscopy and he hasn't quite bounced back yet. 
My uncle just had a colonoscopy. 
You're kidding. 
Then that's something we have in common. 
How. 
We both have people in our lives who. 
want to nip intestinal polyps in the bud. 
So what's new in the world of physics. 
Nothing. 
Really Nothing. 
Well, with the exception of string theory,. 
not much has happened since the 1930s. 
And you can't prove string theory. 
At best you can say,. 
Hey, look, my idea has an internal logical consistency. 
Well, I'm sure things will pick up. 
What's new at the Cheesecake Factory. 
Not much. 
We do have a chocolate key lime that's moving pretty well. 
Good. 
Good. 
What about your. 
hallway friend. 
Doug Oh, yeah, I don't know. 
I mean, you know, he's nice and funny, but. 
Can I get you started with some drinks. 
- You were saying But - I'd like a drink. 
Just say the but thing about Doug and then I'll get her back. 
I don't know, it's just me. 
I'm still getting over this breakup with Kurt. 
and this thing with Doug would just be rebound sex. 
Don't get me started on rebound sex. 
It's just it's my pattern. 
I break up, then I find some cute guy,. 
and then it's just 36 meaningless hours of. 
you know. 
I'm not sure that I do. 
Is that one 36-hour experience,. 
or is that 36 hours spread out over, say. 
one glorious summer. 
No, it's usually over a weekend,. 
and trust me, you do not feel good after it. 
Well, chafing, right. 
Emotionally. 
Of course, yeah, emotional chafing. 
Do you want to see something cool. 
I can make this olive go into this glass. 
without touching it. 
- How - Physics. 
Centrifugal force. 
Actually, it's centripetal force,. 
which is an inward force generated by the glass. 
acting on the olive. 
Excuse me. 
If you were riding on the olive,. 
you'd be in a non-inertial reference frame. 
and would. 
- Are you okay - Yeah, I'm okay. 
Did you spill ketchup. 
- No - I'm not okay. 
You sure you don't want to go to the emergency room. 
No, I'm okay It stopped bleeding. 
I know, but you did throw up Isn't that a sign of a concussion. 
Yes But I get car sick, too, so. 
Sorry about your car, by the way. 
It's fine You got most of it out the window. 
The poor guy on the bike. 
I had a nice time. 
Yeah, me, too. 
Well, um, good night. 
Good night. 
Was this supposed to be a date. 
This. 
No. 
Of course not This was just you and me. 
hanging out with a bunch of guys who didn't show up. 
'cause of work and a colonoscopy. 
Okay, I was just checking. 
When I take a girl on a date--. 
and I do--. 
she knows she's been dated. 
Capital D. 
Boldface Underlined Dated. 
I think I might have a little concussion. 
I'm gonna go lie down for a while Good night. 
So, how was your date. 
Awesome. 
Score 1 for liquor and poor jugement. 
<font color=#ffff00 size=14>wwwtvsubtitlesnet</font>. 
